[Music]
this video is not sponsored
[Applause]
[Music]
hey guys as you know this is jade banks
i'ma show you how I purchase from Google
app all right so the first thing you
gotta do is download the app and
download it and you see various
different sneakers shoes here medidas my
Jordan that's what sneakers casual
walking you can start with your size
here any size female sizes guy sizes
Snickers can be used by a new also
brands or the brand the colors and I'm
gonna show you I like couples it's the
search type in Jordan
[Music]
and for sixes and black holes ice a
minute Oh in forensics is um check the
prices you can see brand-new I'll show
you metal prices ranges my use also
right here
the youth ones are good they're not that
bad just picked one that you think that
you'll like the best that your walk out
or you can type in some it's Easy's they
have mostly easiness and should achieve
really Rockies these I walk Jordans so
you will see of the vetoes the red
stripe one some used ones
yeah they use on the look too good I
like them but that's rock you know
I'll show you sneak it down but again
just what goes up just to test it out to
check there's a small run smoothly and
everything so these are the Jordan 29 I
heard Dave some bill baffle sneakers and
yeah there's a good buffers you really
want to buy them so I'm gonna test them
out and I'm gonna check if this is
really not i'ma let ya know in this
video right now and
I will be doing some more snicker videos
and my card got them in the goal and I
also have some other Snickers I'm
looking at but this is like the order
process and you'll see when the order is
being shipped or being shipped to boat
so they caught in Decatur and
ship it back to you like this the
process right now you see it says my
cell is confirmed so I bought my sneaker
and then next I will show you show you
how like the seller is confirmed now I'm
gonna show you how to sneakers on this
boy it's not no not no heat but little
something just to play basketball in I
just wanna tested the gold app out as
you saw how purchased it as you see this
is a sneaker that did not actually box
because paper get out right here to make
sure that we got it authenticated by the
goat
official gold paper gold sticker
[Music]
not little heat but I'll just testing
the sneaker app out checking hobby look
these are the Jordan 29 have a good
cushion right here
[Music]
I'm you're backing out with these I
wanna say thank you guys so heavenly
make six honey songs where it going fast
moving okay okay New York booking you
trying to get 2000 so let's write it up
tell everybody you know to subscribe to
the channel Dre banks join the fam let's
run it up stay tuned for my next video I
will be doing a PSN giveaway no faith is
real to a cup person who comment on my
next video I will post on my next video
but you gonna know me I'm gonna say
something you feel me
[Music]